add related work in readme (#239)
huggingface/setfit: README.md

└── tests           <- Unit tests
```

## Related work

> [jxpress/seifit-pytorch-lightning](https://github.com/jxpress/seifit-pytorch-lightning) - A repository of PyTorch Lightning implementations of SetFit.

Reviewer: small suggestion to fix a typo and create a bullet list :)
```suggestion

* [jxpress/setfit-pytorch-lightning](https://github.com/jxpress/setfit-pytorch-lightning) - A PyTorch Lightning implementation of SetFit.
```

Author: Hi @lewtun 
thank you for approving my PR and suggestion!

I fixed it as you suggested me.

thank you for kind reply :)

Yongtae
